Trivial doc updates (#7)
ni/fast: packages/web-components/fast-foundation/README.md

[![NI FAST Foundation NPM version and repo link](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@ni/fast-foundation.svg?label=@ni/fast-foundation)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@ni/fast-foundation)

> The `fast-foundation` package is a library of Web Component classes, templates, and other utilities intended to be composed into registered Web Components by design systems (e.g. [NI Nimble Design System](https://nimble.ni.dev/), etc.). The exports of this package can generally be thought of as un-styled base components that implement semantic and accessible markup and behavior. This `@ni/fast-foundation` library is a fork of [`@microsoft/fast-foundation`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@microsoft/fast-foundation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `fast-foundation` package is a library of Web Component classes, templates, and other utilities intended to be composed into registered Web Components by design systems (e.g. [NI Nimble Design System](https://nimble.ni.dev/), etc.). The exports of this package can generally be thought of as un-styled base components that implement semantic and accessible markup and behavior. This `@ni/fast-foundation` library is a fork of [`@microsoft/fast-foundation`](https://github.com/microsoft/fast/tree/archives/fast-element-1/packages/web-components/fast-foundation).
```
